README.md, before:

# FJ Go Relay Server

Go + SQLite relay backend for `FJ Mobile IDE`.

## What it does

- Device pairing via one-time pair code
- Workspace clone management (`git clone`)
- Per-workspace git operations (status, stage, commit, push, pull, discard, log)
- Multi-session Cursor chats with persistent context
- Optional privileged-command approval workflow per session
- Real-time stream to app over WebSocket
- Message/session persistence in SQLite (WAL mode)

## Install on a server (recommended)

If `hooliodevs/fjgo` is public, this is enough:

```bash
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hooliodevs/fjgo/main/scripts/install.sh?v=$(date +%s)" | sudo bash
```

If you want to provide a GitHub token to the installer:

```bash
read -rsp "GitHub token: " GITHUB_TOKEN; echo
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hooliodevs/fjgo/main/scripts/install.sh?v=$(date +%s)" \
  | sudo GITHUB_TOKEN="$GITHUB_TOKEN" bash
```

After install, show pairing details any time with:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-info
```

Run full post-install diagnostics:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-self-check
```

Manage privileged command confirmation policy:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation status
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation enable
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation disable
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation toggle
```

## Important server paths

Default paths created by the installer:

- Relay binary and service working directory: `/opt/fj-go-relay`
- Environment file: `/etc/fj-go-relay.env`
- SQLite database: `/var/lib/fj-go-relay/fj_relay.db`
- Workspaces root: `/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces`
- Workspace clone directories: `/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces/<workspace-name>-<timestamp>`

To check your active workspace root:

```bash
sudo awk -F= '/^WORKSPACES_ROOT=/{print $2}' /etc/fj-go-relay.env
```

## Restart / status / logs

```bash
sudo systemctl restart fj-go-relay
sudo systemctl status fj-go-relay --no-pager
sudo journalctl -u fj-go-relay -f
```

Service account details:

- systemd unit: `fj-go-relay.service`
- Linux user/group: `fjgo`
- Environment source: `/etc/fj-go-relay.env`
- Installer migration: if legacy `cursor`, `fjrelay`, or `fj-go-relay` users are detected, installer migrates ownership/runtime to `fjgo`.

## Health and networking checks

Local health check:

```bash
curl -s http://127.0.0.1:8787/v1/health
```

Check listener:

```bash
sudo ss -ltnp | rg 8787
```

If using UFW:

```bash
sudo ufw allow 8787/tcp
sudo ufw reload
sudo ufw status
```

## Configuration reference

All values are read from environment variables.

- `HOST` (default: `0.0.0.0`)
- `PORT` (default: `8787`)
- `DATABASE_PATH` (default: `./data/fj_relay.db`)
- `WORKSPACES_ROOT` (default: `./workspaces`)
- `DEFAULT_CURSOR_COMMAND` (default: `cursor`)
- `PAIR_CODE` (generated if omitted)
- `PAIR_CODE_TTL_MINUTES` (default: `43200`)
- `SERVER_URL` (recommended public URL, e.g. `http://<SERVER_IP>:8787`)
- `PRIVILEGE_CONFIRMATION_REQUIRED` (default: `true`)

Privilege confirmation effective behavior:

- Enabled when `PRIVILEGE_CONFIRMATION_REQUIRED=true`
- Disabled when `PRIVILEGE_CONFIRMATION_REQUIRED=false`
- Why this flag is required: it provides one clear server-level policy for whether privileged commands must be explicitly approved before they are executed.

Production installs generated by `scripts/install.sh` set:

- `DATABASE_PATH=/var/lib/fj-go-relay/fj_relay.db`
- `WORKSPACES_ROOT=/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces`

## Update to latest server version

Re-run installer:

```bash
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hooliodevs/fjgo/main/scripts/install.sh?v=$(date +%s)" | sudo bash
sudo systemctl restart fj-go-relay
```

## Local development run

```bash
cp .env.example .env
go mod tidy
go run ./cmd/server
```

For local development, if `WORKSPACES_ROOT` is relative, it resolves from the process working directory.

## Runtime prerequisites

- `git` must be installed on the server host.
- `DEFAULT_CURSOR_COMMAND` must be executable by the `fjgo` user.
- Cursor must be authenticated for the service user before creating sessions:

```bash
sudo -u fjgo -H bash -lc 'cursor login'
```

If you use a custom command, login with that command path instead.

## API (v1)

Base URL example: `http://<SERVER_IP>:8787`

All authenticated endpoints require:

```http
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

Paths are exact matches (for example, `/v1/server/settings/privilege-confirmation/` with a trailing slash returns `404`).

### Response conventions

- Most success responses are JSON.
- Most non-success responses are JSON: `{"error":"..."}`.
- Some endpoints include an optional `detail` field (for example clone failure).

### Public endpoints (no bearer required)

#### `GET /v1/health`

Returns service health.

```json
{
  "ok": true,
  "service": "fj-go-relay",
  "time": "2026-02-20T22:00:00Z"
}
```

#### `GET /v1/server/info`

Returns pairing metadata and default port.

```json
{
  "server_id": "srv_xxx",
  "pair_code_expires_at": "2026-03-22T10:00:00Z",
  "default_port": "8787"
}
```

#### `POST /v1/pair`

Pair a device and obtain access token.

Request body:

```json
{
  "pair_code": "ABC-123",
  "device_name": "My iPhone"
}
```

Success (`201`):

```json
{
  "access_token": "raw_token",
  "device_id": "uuid",
  "server_id": "srv_xxx"
}
```

Errors:

- `400` invalid body or missing fields
- `401` invalid/expired pair code
- `500` server error

### Authenticated server endpoints

#### `GET /v1/server/pairing`

Returns current pair code and expiry.

```json
{
  "pair_code": "ABC-123",
  "pair_code_expires_at": "2026-03-22T10:00:00Z"
}
```

#### `GET /v1/server/settings/privilege-confirmation`

Returns whether privileged command confirmation is required.

```json
{
  "required": true
}
```

#### `POST /v1/server/settings/privilege-confirmation`

Updates privilege confirmation requirement.

Request body:

```json
{
  "required": false
}
```

Success (`200`):

```json
{
  "required": false
}
```

### Workspace endpoints

#### `GET /v1/workspaces`

Returns all workspaces for the authenticated user.

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "uuid",
      "user_id": "local-user",
      "name": "fj",
      "repo_url": "https://github.com/hooliodevs/fj.git",
      "local_path": "/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces/fj-123",
      "status": "ready",
      "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:00:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### `POST /v1/workspaces/clone`

Clones a git repository into a new workspace.

Request body:

```json
{
  "repo_url": "https://github.com/hooliodevs/fj.git",
  "name": "fj"
}
```

`name` is optional; repo name is inferred when omitted.

Success (`201`): workspace object.

Clone failure (`400`) example:

```json
{
  "error": "git clone failed",
  "detail": "<git stderr/stdout>"
}
```

### Session endpoints

#### `GET /v1/sessions?workspace_id=<workspace_id>`

Returns sessions for user, optionally scoped to one workspace.

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "uuid",
      "user_id": "local-user",
      "workspace_id": "uuid",
      "name": "Chat 2026-02-20 21:10",
      "launch_command": "cursor",
      "cursor_chat_id": "",
      "cursor_model": "gemini-3-flash",
      "state": "idle",
      "last_error": "",
      "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:10:00Z",
      "last_active_at": "2026-02-20T21:10:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### `POST /v1/sessions`

Creates a session.

Request body:

```json
{
  "workspace_id": "uuid",
  "name": "My Chat",
  "launch_command": "cursor",
  "model": "gemini-3-flash"
}
```

Notes:

- `workspace_id` is required.
- `name`, `launch_command`, and `model` are optional; server fills defaults.

Success (`201`): session object.

#### `DELETE /v1/sessions/:id`

Deletes a session. Success response is `204 No Content`.

#### `GET /v1/sessions/:id/messages?limit=<n>`

Returns ordered session messages.

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "uuid",
      "session_id": "uuid",
      "role": "user",
      "content": "hello",
      "model": "",
      "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:12:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

`limit` defaults to `500`, max `5000`.

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/input`

Sends user input to running session.

Request body:

```json
{
  "content": "Explain this repository"
}
```

Success response: `202 {"ok":true}`.

If privilege confirmation is enabled and a pending approval exists, returns `409`:

```json
{
  "error": "privileged commands are pending explicit confirmation",
  "approval": { "...": "approval object" }
}
```

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/interrupt`

Interrupts current generation. Success: `200 {"ok":true}`.

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/model`

Updates active session model.

Request body:

```json
{
  "model": "gemini-3-flash"
}
```

Success response:

```json
{
  "ok": true,
  "model": "gemini-3-flash"
}
```

#### `GET /v1/sessions/:id/stream` (WebSocket)

WebSocket stream for realtime session events.

- Use bearer token in websocket headers.
- Server emits JSON events like:
  - `session_state`
  - `message_delta`
  - `message_done`
  - `error`

### Privileged approval endpoints

#### `GET /v1/sessions/:id/approvals/pending`

Returns current pending approval (or `null`).

```json
{
  "item": {
    "id": "uuid",
    "user_id": "local-user",
    "session_id": "uuid",
    "commands": ["sudo apt update"],
    "reason": "Install dependency",
    "status": "pending",
    "approval_key": "",
    "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:30:00Z"
  }
}
```

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/approvals`

Creates a privileged approval request.

Request body:

```json
{
  "commands": ["sudo apt update", "sudo apt install -y ripgrep"],
  "reason": "Install required tooling"
}
```

Success: `201` with approval object.

If another approval is pending: `409` with `error` + `approval`.

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/approvals/:approval_id/confirm`

Approves or rejects a pending request.

Request body:

```json
{
  "approve": true,
  "reviewed_by": "toby"
}
```

Success: `200` with updated approval object (approved entries include `approval_key`).

### Git endpoints

All git endpoints are under:

`/v1/workspaces/:id/git/*`

and require the workspace to exist, be accessible, and contain a `.git` directory.

#### `GET /status`

Returns branch/ahead/behind plus parsed file status.

#### `GET /diff?file=<relative_path>&staged=<true|false>`

Returns:

```json
{
  "file": "lib/main.dart",
  "staged": false,
  "diff": "<git diff text>"
}
```

#### `POST /stage`

Request body:

- stage all:

```json
{"all": true}
```

- or stage selected paths:

```json
{"paths": ["lib/main.dart", "README.md"]}
```

#### `POST /unstage`

```json
{"paths": ["lib/main.dart"]}
```

#### `POST /commit`

```json
{"message": "feat: add docs"}
```

Returns command output.

#### `POST /push`

```json
{"remote": "origin", "branch": "main"}
```

`remote` and `branch` are optional.

#### `POST /pull`

Performs `git pull --ff-only`.

#### `POST /discard`

```json
{"paths": ["lib/main.dart"]}
```

Restores tracked file state and removes untracked files/dirs for each path.

#### `GET /log?limit=<n>`

Returns commit list (`hash`, `short_hash`, `author`, `email`, `subject`, `committed_at`).
`limit` default: `20`, max: `200`.

## Privileged command confirmation

- Installer configures relay to run as `fjgo` with passwordless sudo access.
- Runtime prompt policy asks Cursor to list privileged commands first and wait for approval.
- Use `fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation` to check or change this setting at any time.

Commit message:

Add update command to installer and enhance README documentation
Implemented a new command for updating the server, allowing users to execute updates with a single command. Updated the README to include instructions for using the new update command, improving user experience and clarity on server management. This change enhances the installation script by adding the update functionality and ensures users are informed about the new capabilities.

README.md, after:

# FJ Go Relay Server

Go + SQLite relay backend for `FJ Mobile IDE`.

## What it does

- Device pairing via one-time pair code
- Workspace clone management (`git clone`)
- Per-workspace git operations (status, stage, commit, push, pull, discard, log)
- Multi-session Cursor chats with persistent context
- Optional privileged-command approval workflow per session
- Real-time stream to app over WebSocket
- Message/session persistence in SQLite (WAL mode)

## Install on a server (recommended)

If `hooliodevs/fjgo` is public, this is enough:

```bash
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hooliodevs/fjgo/main/scripts/install.sh?v=$(date +%s)" | sudo bash
```

If you want to provide a GitHub token to the installer:

```bash
read -rsp "GitHub token: " GITHUB_TOKEN; echo
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hooliodevs/fjgo/main/scripts/install.sh?v=$(date +%s)" \
  | sudo GITHUB_TOKEN="$GITHUB_TOKEN" bash
```

After install, show pairing details any time with:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-info
```

Run full post-install diagnostics:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-self-check
```

Update the server later with one command:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-update
```

Manage privileged command confirmation policy:

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation status
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation enable
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation disable
sudo fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation toggle
```

## Important server paths

Default paths created by the installer:

- Relay binary and service working directory: `/opt/fj-go-relay`
- Environment file: `/etc/fj-go-relay.env`
- SQLite database: `/var/lib/fj-go-relay/fj_relay.db`
- Workspaces root: `/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces`
- Workspace clone directories: `/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces/<workspace-name>-<timestamp>`

To check your active workspace root:

```bash
sudo awk -F= '/^WORKSPACES_ROOT=/{print $2}' /etc/fj-go-relay.env
```

## Restart / status / logs

```bash
sudo systemctl restart fj-go-relay
sudo systemctl status fj-go-relay --no-pager
sudo journalctl -u fj-go-relay -f
```

Service account details:

- systemd unit: `fj-go-relay.service`
- Linux user/group: `fjgo`
- Environment source: `/etc/fj-go-relay.env`
- Installer migration: if legacy `cursor`, `fjrelay`, or `fj-go-relay` users are detected, installer migrates ownership/runtime to `fjgo`.

## Health and networking checks

Local health check:

```bash
curl -s http://127.0.0.1:8787/v1/health
```

Check listener:

```bash
sudo ss -ltnp | rg 8787
```

If using UFW:

```bash
sudo ufw allow 8787/tcp
sudo ufw reload
sudo ufw status
```

## Configuration reference

All values are read from environment variables.

- `HOST` (default: `0.0.0.0`)
- `PORT` (default: `8787`)
- `DATABASE_PATH` (default: `./data/fj_relay.db`)
- `WORKSPACES_ROOT` (default: `./workspaces`)
- `DEFAULT_CURSOR_COMMAND` (default: `cursor`)
- `PAIR_CODE` (generated if omitted)
- `PAIR_CODE_TTL_MINUTES` (default: `43200`)
- `SERVER_URL` (recommended public URL, e.g. `http://<SERVER_IP>:8787`)
- `PRIVILEGE_CONFIRMATION_REQUIRED` (default: `true`)

Privilege confirmation effective behavior:

- Enabled when `PRIVILEGE_CONFIRMATION_REQUIRED=true`
- Disabled when `PRIVILEGE_CONFIRMATION_REQUIRED=false`
- Why this flag is required: it provides one clear server-level policy for whether privileged commands must be explicitly approved before they are executed.

Production installs generated by `scripts/install.sh` set:

- `DATABASE_PATH=/var/lib/fj-go-relay/fj_relay.db`
- `WORKSPACES_ROOT=/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces`

## Update to latest server version

Re-run installer:

```bash
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hooliodevs/fjgo/main/scripts/install.sh?v=$(date +%s)" | sudo bash
sudo systemctl restart fj-go-relay
```

Shortcut (installed by the script):

```bash
sudo fj-go-relay-update
```

## Local development run

```bash
cp .env.example .env
go mod tidy
go run ./cmd/server
```

For local development, if `WORKSPACES_ROOT` is relative, it resolves from the process working directory.

## Runtime prerequisites

- `git` must be installed on the server host.
- `DEFAULT_CURSOR_COMMAND` must be executable by the `fjgo` user.
- Cursor must be authenticated for the service user before creating sessions:

```bash
sudo -u fjgo -H bash -lc 'cursor login'
```

If you use a custom command, login with that command path instead.

## API (v1)

Base URL example: `http://<SERVER_IP>:8787`

All authenticated endpoints require:

```http
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

Paths are exact matches (for example, `/v1/server/settings/privilege-confirmation/` with a trailing slash returns `404`).

### Response conventions

- Most success responses are JSON.
- Most non-success responses are JSON: `{"error":"..."}`.
- Some endpoints include an optional `detail` field (for example clone failure).

### Public endpoints (no bearer required)

#### `GET /v1/health`

Returns service health.

```json
{
  "ok": true,
  "service": "fj-go-relay",
  "time": "2026-02-20T22:00:00Z"
}
```

#### `GET /v1/server/info`

Returns pairing metadata and default port.

```json
{
  "server_id": "srv_xxx",
  "pair_code_expires_at": "2026-03-22T10:00:00Z",
  "default_port": "8787"
}
```

#### `POST /v1/pair`

Pair a device and obtain access token.

Request body:

```json
{
  "pair_code": "ABC-123",
  "device_name": "My iPhone"
}
```

Success (`201`):

```json
{
  "access_token": "raw_token",
  "device_id": "uuid",
  "server_id": "srv_xxx"
}
```

Errors:

- `400` invalid body or missing fields
- `401` invalid/expired pair code
- `500` server error

### Authenticated server endpoints

#### `GET /v1/server/pairing`

Returns current pair code and expiry.

```json
{
  "pair_code": "ABC-123",
  "pair_code_expires_at": "2026-03-22T10:00:00Z"
}
```

#### `GET /v1/server/settings/privilege-confirmation`

Returns whether privileged command confirmation is required.

```json
{
  "required": true
}
```

#### `POST /v1/server/settings/privilege-confirmation`

Updates privilege confirmation requirement.

Request body:

```json
{
  "required": false
}
```

Success (`200`):

```json
{
  "required": false
}
```

### Workspace endpoints

#### `GET /v1/workspaces`

Returns all workspaces for the authenticated user.

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "uuid",
      "user_id": "local-user",
      "name": "fj",
      "repo_url": "https://github.com/hooliodevs/fj.git",
      "local_path": "/var/lib/fj-go-relay/workspaces/fj-123",
      "status": "ready",
      "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:00:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### `POST /v1/workspaces/clone`

Clones a git repository into a new workspace.

Request body:

```json
{
  "repo_url": "https://github.com/hooliodevs/fj.git",
  "name": "fj"
}
```

`name` is optional; repo name is inferred when omitted.

Success (`201`): workspace object.

Clone failure (`400`) example:

```json
{
  "error": "git clone failed",
  "detail": "<git stderr/stdout>"
}
```

### Session endpoints

#### `GET /v1/sessions?workspace_id=<workspace_id>`

Returns sessions for user, optionally scoped to one workspace.

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "uuid",
      "user_id": "local-user",
      "workspace_id": "uuid",
      "name": "Chat 2026-02-20 21:10",
      "launch_command": "cursor",
      "cursor_chat_id": "",
      "cursor_model": "gemini-3-flash",
      "state": "idle",
      "last_error": "",
      "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:10:00Z",
      "last_active_at": "2026-02-20T21:10:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### `POST /v1/sessions`

Creates a session.

Request body:

```json
{
  "workspace_id": "uuid",
  "name": "My Chat",
  "launch_command": "cursor",
  "model": "gemini-3-flash"
}
```

Notes:

- `workspace_id` is required.
- `name`, `launch_command`, and `model` are optional; server fills defaults.

Success (`201`): session object.

#### `DELETE /v1/sessions/:id`

Deletes a session. Success response is `204 No Content`.

#### `GET /v1/sessions/:id/messages?limit=<n>`

Returns ordered session messages.

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "uuid",
      "session_id": "uuid",
      "role": "user",
      "content": "hello",
      "model": "",
      "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:12:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

`limit` defaults to `500`, max `5000`.

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/input`

Sends user input to running session.

Request body:

```json
{
  "content": "Explain this repository"
}
```

Success response: `202 {"ok":true}`.

If privilege confirmation is enabled and a pending approval exists, returns `409`:

```json
{
  "error": "privileged commands are pending explicit confirmation",
  "approval": { "...": "approval object" }
}
```

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/interrupt`

Interrupts current generation. Success: `200 {"ok":true}`.

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/model`

Updates active session model.

Request body:

```json
{
  "model": "gemini-3-flash"
}
```

Success response:

```json
{
  "ok": true,
  "model": "gemini-3-flash"
}
```

#### `GET /v1/sessions/:id/stream` (WebSocket)

WebSocket stream for realtime session events.

- Use bearer token in websocket headers.
- Server emits JSON events like:
  - `session_state`
  - `message_delta`
  - `message_done`
  - `error`

### Privileged approval endpoints

#### `GET /v1/sessions/:id/approvals/pending`

Returns current pending approval (or `null`).

```json
{
  "item": {
    "id": "uuid",
    "user_id": "local-user",
    "session_id": "uuid",
    "commands": ["sudo apt update"],
    "reason": "Install dependency",
    "status": "pending",
    "approval_key": "",
    "created_at": "2026-02-20T21:30:00Z"
  }
}
```

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/approvals`

Creates a privileged approval request.

Request body:

```json
{
  "commands": ["sudo apt update", "sudo apt install -y ripgrep"],
  "reason": "Install required tooling"
}
```

Success: `201` with approval object.

If another approval is pending: `409` with `error` + `approval`.

#### `POST /v1/sessions/:id/approvals/:approval_id/confirm`

Approves or rejects a pending request.

Request body:

```json
{
  "approve": true,
  "reviewed_by": "toby"
}
```

Success: `200` with updated approval object (approved entries include `approval_key`).

### Git endpoints

All git endpoints are under:

`/v1/workspaces/:id/git/*`

and require the workspace to exist, be accessible, and contain a `.git` directory.

#### `GET /status`

Returns branch/ahead/behind plus parsed file status.

#### `GET /diff?file=<relative_path>&staged=<true|false>`

Returns:

```json
{
  "file": "lib/main.dart",
  "staged": false,
  "diff": "<git diff text>"
}
```

#### `POST /stage`

Request body:

- stage all:

```json
{"all": true}
```

- or stage selected paths:

```json
{"paths": ["lib/main.dart", "README.md"]}
```

#### `POST /unstage`

```json
{"paths": ["lib/main.dart"]}
```

#### `POST /commit`

```json
{"message": "feat: add docs"}
```

Returns command output.

#### `POST /push`

```json
{"remote": "origin", "branch": "main"}
```

`remote` and `branch` are optional.

#### `POST /pull`

Performs `git pull --ff-only`.

#### `POST /discard`

```json
{"paths": ["lib/main.dart"]}
```

Restores tracked file state and removes untracked files/dirs for each path.

#### `GET /log?limit=<n>`

Returns commit list (`hash`, `short_hash`, `author`, `email`, `subject`, `committed_at`).
`limit` default: `20`, max: `200`.

## Privileged command confirmation

- Installer configures relay to run as `fjgo` with passwordless sudo access.
- Runtime prompt policy asks Cursor to list privileged commands first and wait for approval.
- Use `fj-go-relay-privilege-confirmation` to check or change this setting at any time.
